---
title: "Complex Compiler Plugins for OpenMake Meister"
date: "2021-06-30"
categories: 
  - "meister-continuous-build"
tags: 
  - "compile"
  - "continuous-build"
  - "meister"
  - "plugins"
---


## Compile Plugins for Adobe, Lawson, Cognos, and Others

Meister allows you to add 4GL and Mobile compile requirements to your build automation using plugins. 

<table class="buildservice" style="width: 100%;" border="1"><tbody><tr style="background-color: #82bbdc;"><td style="border-color: grey; width: 200px; vertical-align: top; text-align: center;"><p style="font-size: 20px;"><strong>Name</strong></p></td><td style="text-align: center;"><p style="font-size: 20px;"><strong>Description</strong></p></td></tr><tr><td style="text-align: center; vertical-align: top;"><h4>&nbsp;Lawson</h4></td><td>Compiles Lawson objects using the Lawson compiler in headless mode.</td></tr><tr><td style="text-align: center; vertical-align: top;"><h4>Adobe Flex</h4></td><td>Compiles Adobe Flex objects.</td></tr><tr><td style="text-align: center; vertical-align: top;"><h4>PeopleSoft Cobol Native Runtime</h4></td><td>Creates MicroFocus COBOL generated native code (GNT) files from COBOL files. The target extension is '.gnt' and the source files are either .cbl or .cob. The flags chosen come from the pscbl.mak script that comes with PeopleSoft on UNIX.</td></tr><tr><td style="text-align: center; vertical-align: top;"><h4>PowerGen</h4></td><td>Creates an executable from PowerBuilder project using PowerGen.</td></tr><tr><td style="text-align: center; vertical-align: top;"><h4>Actuate6</h4></td><td>Reports Actuate6 report compiler. Creates and .rox</td></tr><tr><td style="text-align: center; vertical-align: top;"><h4>Cognos Powerhouse Compile Takes</h4></td><td>Cognos Powerhouse files (.qzs, .qks, .qts) and passes them to their respective compilers. &nbsp;Then it prints both the input passed to the compilers and the output of each of the compilers to a .cognos_log file.</td></tr><tr><td style="text-align: center; vertical-align: top;"><h4>Informix 4ge Executable .4ge</h4></td><td>Creates an executable target from Informix and c code using the c4gl compiler. It is broken into two tasks; Compile and Link. The Compile Build Task converts source code to .o object files. The Link Task links .o object files and .a archive libraries to create the Final Target executable.</td></tr><tr><td style="text-align: center; vertical-align: top;"><h4>Informix Archive Library</h4></td><td>Compiles source code with the c4gl compiler and bundles the objects into an archive library using the GNU ar program.</td></tr><tr><td style="text-align: center; vertical-align: top;"><h4>Informix 4ge Executable</h4></td><td>.4ge Creates an executable target from Informix and c code using the c4gl compiler. It is broken into two tasks; Compile and Link. The Compile Build Task converts source code to .o object files. The Link Task links .o object files and .a archive libraries to create the Final Target executable.</td></tr><tr><td style="text-align: center; vertical-align: top;"><h4>Informix Form Compiler .frm</h4></td><td>Creates an Informix form target from .per files using the form4gl compiler. There is only one task which compiles .per files into .frm files.</td></tr><tr><td style="text-align: center; vertical-align: top;"><h4>Informix noext Executable .noext</h4></td><td>&nbsp;Creates an executable target from Informix and C code using the c4gl compiler. It is broken into two tasks; Compile and Link. The Compile Build Task converts source code to .o object files. The Link Task links .o object files and .a archive libraries to create the Final Target executable.</td></tr><tr><td style="text-align: center; vertical-align: top;"><h4>Informix Object</h4></td><td>Creates an object target from Informix or C code using the c4gl compiler.</td></tr><tr><td style="text-align: center; vertical-align: top;"><h4>Informix Shared Library. .so</h4></td><td>&nbsp;Creates a standard shared library using the gcc program.</td></tr></tbody></table>

## Support Database Management in Your Software Compiles

[Meister](https://www.openmakesoftware.com/meister-build-automation/) enhances build automation by allowing you to incorporate database updates in your compile logic. The following Plugins can be purchased to extend your library of reusable Build Tasks.

<table class="buildservice" style="width: 100%;" border="1"><tbody><tr style="background-color: #82bbdc;"><td style="border-color: grey; width: 200px; vertical-align: top; text-align: center;"><p style="font-size: 20px;"><strong>Name</strong></p></td><td style="text-align: center;"><p style="font-size: 20px;"><strong>Description</strong></p></td></tr><tr><td style="text-align: center; vertical-align: top;"><h4>Oracle Cobol Exe</h4></td><td>Creates a standard executable linked statically and dynamically with Oracle libraries. &nbsp;For pre-compiling, it calls the Oracle proc program. &nbsp;For C and C++, it executes the xlc compiler. &nbsp;For COBOL programs, it uses the Microfocus COBOL compiler, cob. &nbsp;For creating the executable, it uses the Microfocus COBOL compiler, cob, to link.</td></tr><tr><td style="text-align: center; vertical-align: top;"><h4>Oracle Exe</h4></td><td>Creates a standard executable. For pre-compiling, it calls the Oracle Pre-Compiler. &nbsp;For C and C++, it executes the cc compiler. &nbsp;For creating the executable, it uses oraxlc to compile and link.</td></tr><tr><td style="text-align: center; vertical-align: top;"><h4>Oracle Forms</h4></td><td>The Oracle forms compiler, ifcmp60 on Windows and f60gen for other OS's, is used to create form objects from .fmb files.</td></tr><tr><td style="text-align: center; vertical-align: top;"><h4>Oracle Form Library</h4></td><td>The Oracle forms compiler, ifcmp60 on Windows and f60gen for other OS's, is used to create form libraries (.plx) from .pll files.</td></tr><tr><td style="text-align: center; vertical-align: top;"><h4>Oracle PSQL</h4></td><td>Compiles PL/SQL into an Oracle database. &nbsp;A file with .sqo extension is created to represent a successfully compiled object on the file system. &nbsp;The timestamp of the dependency .sql files will be checked against the .sqo file for incremental builds. &nbsp;If the .sql file is later than the .sqo, then it will be recompiled and a new.sqo file created. sqlplus is used to compile the code.</td></tr><tr><td style="text-align: center; vertical-align: top;"><h4>Oracle Report</h4></td><td>Uses the Oracle Reports compiler, rwcon60, to create .rep reports. &nbsp;.rdf files may also be created.</td></tr><tr><td style="text-align: center; vertical-align: top;"><h4>Oracle TDF</h4></td><td>Uses the Oracle Reports compiler, rwcon60, to create TDF reports. &nbsp;.rdf and .rex files may also be created.</td></tr><tr><td style="text-align: center; vertical-align: top;"><h4>Oracle Request Router</h4></td><td>An example of a customized Oracle C and C++ executable. &nbsp;It uses xlc/xlC to compile source code and ld to link the objects into an executable.</td></tr><tr><td style="text-align: center; vertical-align: top;"><h4>Sybase ASE 12.5 and Greater</h4></td><td>Used to create Sybase Adaptive Server database objects. &nbsp;It uses files to represent compiled objects and uses the isql program for compiling DDL, SQL and T/SQL. &nbsp;It uses the bcp command to import and export data. Designed for use with ASE 12.5 and greater. &nbsp;Beginning in ASE 12.5, ALTER statements can be bundled in a single transaction. You must have the "use ddl in tran" option set to true. &nbsp;To set this, issue the following commands at the Sybase command line: use db_name go sp_dboption db, "use ddl in tran", true go Start by create a final target file name with '.complete' extension. The name can be anything and can be related to a change request, e.g. SCR0345.complete This file will be created only after all the operations have completed successfully. Then add individual file dependencies broken down into single files as dependencies in the different option groups. Note that different types of DDL statements must have different file extensions according to the rules.</td></tr><tr><td style="text-align: center; vertical-align: top;"><h4>Sybase ASE pre-12.5</h4></td><td>Used to create Sybase Adaptive Server database objects. &nbsp;It uses files to represent compiled objects and uses the isql program for compiling DDL, SQL and T/SQL. &nbsp;It uses the bcp command to import and export data. Designed for use with ASE prior to release 12.5 because of the inability to bundle multiple ALTER statements into a single transaction. You must have the "use ddl in tran" option set to true. &nbsp;To set this, issue the following commands at the Sybase command line: use db_name go sp_dboption db, "use ddl in tran", true go Start by create a final target file name with '.complete' extension. The name can be anything and can be related to a change request, e.g. SCR0345.complete This file will be created only after all the operations have completed successfully. Then add individual file dependencies broken down into single files as dependencies in the different option groups. Note that different types of DDL statements must have different file extensions according to the rules.</td></tr><tr><td style="text-align: center; vertical-align: top;"><h4>DB2 Exe</h4></td><td>Creates a standard executable by using DB2 Prep to pre-compile the .SQC file. &nbsp;Uses cc to compile the C programs. &nbsp;Uses xlc for linking.</td></tr><tr><td style="text-align: center; vertical-align: top;"><h4>DB2 shared library</h4></td><td>Creates a standard shared library by using DB2 Prep to pre-compile the .SQC file. &nbsp;Uses cc to compile the C programs. &nbsp;Uses xlc for linking.</td></tr></tbody></table>

## Linux and UNIX Compile Plugins for Complex Builds

Meister's Extended Plugins for Linux and UNIX compile needs support complex compilation tasks and includes your dependency management and acceleration. The following Plugins can be purchased to extend your library of reusable Linux and Unix Compile Plugins.

<table class="buildservice" style="width: 100%;" border="1"><tbody><tr style="background-color: #82bbdc;"><td style="border-color: grey; width: 200px; vertical-align: top; text-align: center;"><p style="font-size: 20px;"><strong>Name</strong></p></td><td style="text-align: center;"><p style="font-size: 20px;"><strong>Description</strong></p></td></tr><tr><td style="text-align: center; vertical-align: top;"><h4>AcuCobol 32 Executable</h4></td><td>Creates a standard executable using the AcuCOBOL CCBL or CCBL32 compiler.</td></tr><tr><td style="text-align: center; vertical-align: top;"><h4>&nbsp;Archive Library</h4></td><td>An archive library is created by compiling source code into object files and the bundling the object files with the ar program.</td></tr><tr><td style="text-align: center; vertical-align: top;"><h4>&nbsp;Microfocus Cobol Executable</h4></td><td>Creates a standard executable. For C and C++, it executes the xlc compiler. &nbsp;For COBOL programs, it uses the Microfocus COBOL compiler, cob. &nbsp;For creating the executable, is uses the Microfocus COBOL compiler, cob, for linking.</td></tr><tr><td style="text-align: center; vertical-align: top;"><h4>COBOL Native Runtime</h4></td><td>This creates MicroFocus COBOL generated native code (GNT) files from COBOL files. The target extension is '.gnt' and the source files are either .cbl or .cob. The key flag is the '-u' flag which tells the compiler to create a GNT file instead of a native operating system object file.</td></tr><tr><td style="text-align: center; vertical-align: top;"><h4>GNU Archive Library</h4></td><td>Compiles source code with the gcc compiler and bundles the objects into an archive library using the GNU ar program.</td></tr><tr><td style="text-align: center; vertical-align: top;"><h4>&nbsp;GNU CPP Executable</h4></td><td>Creates an executable target from .c code using the gcc compiler. It is broken into two tasks; Compile and Link. The Compile Build Task converts source code to .o object files. The Link Task links .o object files and libraries to create the Final Target executable.</td></tr><tr><td style="text-align: center; vertical-align: top;"><h4>GNU Executable</h4></td><td>Creates an executable target from .c code using the gcc compiler. It is broken into two tasks; Compile and Link. The Compile Build Task converts source code to .o object files. The Link Task links .o object files and libraries to create the Final Target executable.</td></tr><tr><td style="text-align: center; vertical-align: top;"><h4>&nbsp;GNU LD Shared Library</h4></td><td>Creates a standard shared library using the gcc or g++ programs to compile C and C++ code and then using the AIX ld program to link the objects into a dynamic library.</td></tr><tr><td style="text-align: center; vertical-align: top;"><h4>&nbsp;GNU Oracle ProC Executable</h4></td><td>This creates an executable from source code by compiling the C code and linking to Oracle libraries.</td></tr><tr><td style="text-align: center; vertical-align: top;"><h4>GNU PIC Archive Library</h4></td><td>This creates a GNU archive library from source code by compiling the C/C++ code with the Position Independent Code option of the gcc compiler.</td></tr><tr><td style="text-align: center; vertical-align: top;"><h4>GNU PIC Executable</h4></td><td>This creates an executable from source code by compiling the C code with the Position Independent Code option of the gcc program.</td></tr><tr><td style="text-align: center; vertical-align: top;"><h4>&nbsp;GNU PIC Oracle Executable</h4></td><td>This creates an executable from source code by compiling the C code with the Position Independent Code option for gcc and linking to Oracle libraries using gcc.</td></tr><tr><td style="text-align: center; vertical-align: top;"><h4>&nbsp;GNU Shared Library</h4></td><td>Creates a standard shared library using the gcc program.</td></tr><tr><td style="text-align: center; vertical-align: top;"><h4>ITHISAM</h4></td><td>Creates C header files from .DDL using the ITHISAM compiler.</td></tr><tr><td style="text-align: center; vertical-align: top;"><h4>LD Shared Library</h4></td><td>This shared library explicitly uses ld in the Link Build Task. &nbsp;The shared library is created by using the ar command to format the final object. &nbsp;cc is used to compile the source code.</td></tr><tr><td style="text-align: center; vertical-align: top;"><h4>LD Shared Object</h4></td><td>This shared library explicitly uses ld in the Link Build Task. &nbsp;The shared library is created WITHOUT using the ar command to format the final object. &nbsp;cc is used to compile the source code.</td></tr><tr><td style="text-align: center; vertical-align: top;"><h4>&nbsp;Lex and Flex C File</h4></td><td>Used to generate a C source file from a lex source file when the C file needs to have a different name from the Lex file. There is also a Build Task under Available Tasks with the same rule that can be imported into any build service that compiles C code.</td></tr><tr><td style="text-align: center; vertical-align: top;"><h4>&nbsp;Lex C Header File</h4></td><td>Used to generate a C source header file from a lex source file when the C file needs to have a different name from the Lex file. There is also a Build Task under available tasks with the same rule that can be imported into any build service that compiles C code.</td></tr><tr><td style="text-align: center; vertical-align: top;"><h4>Visual Age C Project Archive Library</h4></td><td>Creates an archive library from the .icc project file. &nbsp;The .icc files is scanned to see if any source code has changed compared to the executable being created.</td></tr><tr><td style="text-align: center; vertical-align: top;"><h4>&nbsp;Visual Age C Project Executable</h4></td><td>Creates an executable target from the .icc project file. &nbsp;The .icc files is scanned to see if any source code has changed compared to the executable being created.</td></tr><tr><td style="text-align: center; vertical-align: top;"><h4>&nbsp;PIC Archive Library</h4></td><td>This creates a GNU archive library from source code by compiling the C/C++ code with the Position Independent Code option of the gcc compiler.</td></tr><tr><td style="text-align: center; vertical-align: top;"><h4>&nbsp;PIC Executable</h4></td><td>This creates an executable from source code by compiling the C code with the Position Independent Code option of the gcc program.</td></tr><tr><td style="text-align: center; vertical-align: top;"><h4>&nbsp;PIC Oracle Executable</h4></td><td>This creates an executable from source code by compiling the C code with the Position Independent Code option for gcc and linking to Oracle libraries using gcc.</td></tr></tbody></table>

## Compile Plugins to Support Complex Microsoft Builds

Meister supports complex .Net and Windows compiles with extended Microsoft compile plugins. The following Plugins can be purchased to extend your library of reusable Windows Build Tasks.

<table class="buildservice" style="width: 100%;" border="1"><tbody><tr style="background-color: #82bbdc;"><td style="border-color: grey; width: 200px; vertical-align: top; text-align: center;"><p style="font-size: 20px;"><strong>Name</strong></p></td><td style="text-align: center;"><p style="font-size: 20px;"><strong>Description</strong></p></td></tr><tr><td style="text-align: center; vertical-align: top;"><h4>.NET 2005 Dynamic Link Library</h4></td><td>Serialization Creates a Serialize .NET DLL using sgen utility</td></tr><tr><td style="text-align: center; vertical-align: top;"><h4>.NET 2005 Solution Dynamic Link Library</h4></td><td>Creates a .NET DLL using a .NET Solution file as a dependency. The DLL can be VB, C#, or C++. Built against the .NET 2.0 Framework</td></tr><tr><td style="text-align: center; vertical-align: top;"><h4>&nbsp;&nbsp;.NET 2005 Solution Executable</h4></td><td>Creates a .NET EXE using a .NET Solution file as a dependency. The EXE can be VB, C#, or C++. Built against the .NET 2.0 Framework</td></tr><tr><td style="text-align: center; vertical-align: top;"><h4>&nbsp;&nbsp;.NET C-Sharp Dynamic Link Library</h4></td><td>Creates a DLL using the Microsoft .NET C# compiler. &nbsp;The dependency should be the .NET Project file (.csproj). Must run bldmake with -s to preserve case sensitivity</td></tr><tr><td style="text-align: center; vertical-align: top;"><h4>.NET C-Sharp Executable</h4></td><td>Creates a command line executable using the Microsoft .NET C# compiler. The dependency should be the .NET Project file (.csproj). Must run bldmake with -s to preserve case sensitivity.</td></tr><tr><td style="text-align: center; vertical-align: top;"><h4>&nbsp;.NET C-Sharp Module</h4></td><td>Creates a C# Module using the Microsoft .NET C# compiler. The dependency should be the .NET Project file (.csproj).</td></tr><tr><td style="text-align: center; vertical-align: top;"><h4>&nbsp;.NET ISAPI Extended Dll Shared</h4></td><td>Creates a Microsoft .NET Internet Server Extension (ISAPI) or Filter DLL by using the Microsoft .NET C/C++ Compiler. Does not link the Microsoft .NET runtime libraries into the executables. The runtime libraries must be distributed and loaded dynamically. The dependency should be the .NET Project file (.vcproj .vcxproj). Must run bldmake with -s to preserve case sensitivity.</td></tr><tr><td style="text-align: center; vertical-align: top;"><h4>&nbsp;.NET ISAPI Extended Dll Static</h4></td><td>Creates a Microsoft .NET Internet Server Extension (ISAPI) or Filter DLL by using the Microsoft .NET C/C++ Compiler. &nbsp;Links the Microsoft .NET runtime libraries into the executable. &nbsp;Does not require that the runtime libraries be distributed. The dependency should be the .NET Project file (.vcproj .vcxproj). Must run bldmake with -s to preserve case sensitivity.</td></tr><tr><td style="text-align: center; vertical-align: top;"><h4>&nbsp;.NET Managed CPP Class Library</h4></td><td>Creates a Microsoft .NET DLL using Microsoft .NET C/C++ compiler. &nbsp;The C/C++ code is .NET managed code. The dependency should be the .NET Project file (.vcproj .vcxproj). Must run bldmake with -s to preserve case sensitivity.</td></tr><tr><td style="text-align: center; vertical-align: top;"><h4>&nbsp;.NET MFC ActiveX Control Shared Creates</h4></td><td>ActiveX control by using the Microsoft .NET C/C++ Compiler. Does not link the Microsoft .NET runtime libraries into the executables. The runtime libraries must be distributed and loaded dynamically. The dependency should be the .NET Project file (.vcproj .vcxproj). Must run bldmake with -s to preserve case sensitivity.</td></tr><tr><td style="text-align: center; vertical-align: top;"><h4>&nbsp;.NET MFC ActiveX Control Static</h4></td><td>Creates a ActiveX control by using the Microsoft .NET C/C++ Compiler. Links the Microsoft .NET runtime libraries into the executables. Does not require that the Microsoft .NET runtime libraries be distributed. The dependency should be the .NET Project file (.vcproj .vcxproj). Must run bldmake with -s to preserve case sensitivity.</td></tr><tr><td style="text-align: center; vertical-align: top;"><h4>&nbsp;.NET MFC Dll Shared</h4></td><td>Creates a Microsoft .NET DLL with extended features by using the Microsoft .NET C/C++ compiler. An extension DLL allows you to derive custom classes from MFC and lend this "extended" version of MFC to applications that call your DLL. Extension DLLs can be used for passing MFC-derived objects between the application and the DLL. Does not link the Microsoft .NET runtime libraries into the DLL. The runtime libraries must be distributed and loaded dynamically. The dependency should be the .NET Project file (.vcproj .vcxproj). Must run bldmake with -s to preserve case sensitivity.</td></tr><tr><td style="text-align: center; vertical-align: top;"><h4>.NET MFC Dll Static</h4></td><td>Creates a standard Microsoft .NET executable by using the Microsoft .NET C/C++ Compiler and the Microsoft Foundation Class Libraries. Links the Microsoft .NET runtime libraries into the DLL. &nbsp;Does not require that the Microsoft runtime libraries be distributed. The dependency should be the .NET Project file (.vcproj .vcxproj). &nbsp;Must run bldmake with -s to preserve case sensitivity.</td></tr><tr><td style="text-align: center; vertical-align: top;"><h4>.NET MFC Exe Shared</h4></td><td>Creates a standard Microsoft .NET executable by using the Microsoft .NET C/C++ Compiler and the Microsoft Foundation Class Libraries. Does not link the Microsoft .NET runtime libraries into the executables. The runtime libraries must be loaded dynamically. The dependency should be the .NET Project file (.vcproj .vcxproj). &nbsp;Must run bldmake with -s to preserve case sensitivity.</td></tr><tr><td style="text-align: center; vertical-align: top;"><h4>.NET MFC Exe Static</h4></td><td>Creates a standard Microsoft .NET executable by using the Microsoft .NET C/C++ Compiler and the Microsoft Foundation Class Libraries. Links the Microsoft .NET runtime libraries into the EXE. &nbsp;Does not require that the Microsoft runtime libraries be distributed. The dependency should be the .NET Project file (.vcproj .vcxproj). &nbsp;Must run bldmake with -s to preserve case sensitivity.</td></tr><tr><td style="text-align: center; vertical-align: top;"><h4>&nbsp;.NET Solution Installer</h4></td><td>Creates a MSI file using a .NET Solution file as a dependency.</td></tr><tr><td style="text-align: center; vertical-align: top;"><h4>&nbsp;.NET Visual Basic Dll</h4></td><td>Creates a standard Visual Basic .NET dynamic link library. The dependency should be the .NET Project file (.vbproj). Must run bldmake with -s to preserve case sensitivity.</td></tr><tr><td style="text-align: center; vertical-align: top;"><h4>&nbsp;.NET Visual Basic Exe</h4></td><td>Creates a standard Visual Basic executable. The dependency should be the .NET Project file (.vbproj). Must run bldmake with -s to preserve case sensitivity.</td></tr><tr><td style="text-align: center; vertical-align: top;"><h4>&nbsp;.NET Win32 Console Shared</h4></td><td>Creates a command line program using the Microsoft .NET C/C++ compiler. &nbsp;Does not link the Microsoft &nbsp;.NET runtime libraries into the executables. The runtime libraries must be distributed and loaded dynamically. The dependency should be the .NET Project file (.vcproj .vcxproj). Must run bldmake with -s to preserve case sensitivity.</td></tr><tr><td style="text-align: center; vertical-align: top;"><h4>&nbsp;.NET Win32 Console Static</h4></td><td>Creates a command line program using the Microsoft .NET C/C++ comiler. &nbsp;Links the Microsoft .NET runtime libraries into the executable. Does not require that the runtime libraries be distributed. The dependency should be the .NET Project file (.vcproj .vcxproj). Must run bldmake with -s to preserve case sensitivity.</td></tr><tr><td style="text-align: center; vertical-align: top;"><h4>&nbsp;MFC AppWizard Dll Shared</h4></td><td>Creates a standard Microsoft DL by using the Microsoft Foundation Class Libraries.Does not link the Microsoft runtime libraries into the executables. The runtime libraries must be distributed and loaded dynamically.</td></tr><tr><td style="text-align: center; vertical-align: top;"><h4>MFC AppWizard Dll Static</h4></td><td>Creates a standard Microsoft DLL by using the Microsoft Foundation Class Libraries. Links the Microsoft runtime libraries into the DLL. &nbsp;Does not require the Microsoft runtime libraries be distributed</td></tr><tr><td style="text-align: center; vertical-align: top;"><h4>&nbsp;MFC AppWizard Exe Shared</h4></td><td>Creates a standard Microsoft executable by using the Microsoft Foundation Class Libraries. Does not link the Microsoft runtime libraries into the executables. The runtime libraries must be loaded dynamically.</td></tr><tr><td style="text-align: center; vertical-align: top;"><h4>&nbsp;MFC AppWizard Exe Static</h4></td><td>Creates a standard Microsoft executable by using the Microsoft Foundation Class Libraries. Links the Microsoft runtime libraries into the EXE. &nbsp;Does not require that the Microsoft runtime libraries be distributed.</td></tr><tr><td style="text-align: center; vertical-align: top;"><h4>&nbsp;MFC AppWizard Extended Dll Shared</h4></td><td>Creates a Microsoft DLL with extended features. An extension DLL allows you to derive custom classes from MFC and lend this "extended" version of MFC to applications that call your DLL. Extension DLLs can be used for passing MFC-derived objects between the application and the DLL. Does not link the Microsoft runtime libraries into the executables. The runtime libraries must be distributed and loaded dynamically</td></tr><tr><td style="text-align: center; vertical-align: top;"><h4>&nbsp;MFC AppWizard Ocx Shared</h4></td><td>Creates a Microsoft ActiveX module. Does not link the Microsoft runtime libraries into the executables. The runtime libraries must be distributed and loaded dynamically.</td></tr><tr><td style="text-align: center; vertical-align: top;"><h4>&nbsp;MFC AppWizard Ocx Static</h4></td><td>Create a Microsoft ActiveX module. &nbsp; Links the Microsoft runtime libraries into the executable. Does not require that the runtime libraries be distributed.</td></tr><tr><td style="text-align: center; vertical-align: top;"><h4>MSVC Application Shared</h4></td><td>Creates a standard Microsoft Executable. &nbsp;Does not link the Microsoft runtime libraries into the executables. The runtime libraries must be distributed and loaded dynamically.</td></tr><tr><td style="text-align: center; vertical-align: top;"><h4>MSVC Application Shared NoPCH</h4></td><td>Creates a standard Microsoft Executable. Does not use precompiled header files. Does not link the Microsoft runtime libraries into the executables. The runtime libraries must be distributed and loaded dynamically.</td></tr><tr><td style="text-align: center; vertical-align: top;"><h4>MSVC Application Static</h4></td><td>Creates a standard Microsoft Executable. &nbsp;Links the Microsoft runtime libraries into the executable. Does not require that the runtime libraries be distributed.</td></tr><tr><td style="text-align: center; vertical-align: top;"><h4>MSVC ATL COM AppWizard Dll</h4></td><td>Creates a Microsoft ATL COM interface DLL. &nbsp;Does not link the Microsoft runtime libraries into the executables. The runtime libraries must be distributed and loaded dynamically.</td></tr><tr><td style="text-align: center; vertical-align: top;"><h4>MSVC COM Dll Shared</h4></td><td>Creates a Microsoft COM interface DLL. &nbsp;Does not link the Microsoft runtime libraries into the executables. The runtime libraries must be distributed and loaded dynamically.</td></tr><tr><td style="text-align: center; vertical-align: top;"><h4>MSVC COM Dll Static</h4></td><td>Creates a Microsoft COM Interface DLL. Does not require that the runtime libraries be distributed.</td></tr><tr><td style="text-align: center; vertical-align: top;"><h4>MSVC Console Static</h4></td><td>MSVC Console Static Creates a command line executable. Links the Microsoft runtime libraries into the executable. Does not require that the runtime libraries be distributed.</td></tr><tr><td style="text-align: center; vertical-align: top;"><h4>MSVC Dynamic Link Lib Shared</h4></td><td>Creates a standard Microsoft DLL. Does not link the Microsoft runtime libraries into the executables. The runtime libraries must be distributed and loaded dynamically.</td></tr><tr><td style="text-align: center; vertical-align: top;"><h4>MSVC Dynamic Link Lib Shared NoPCH</h4></td><td>Creates a standard Microsoft DLL. &nbsp;Does not use precompiled header files. Does not link the Microsoft runtime libraries into the executables. The runtime libraries must be distributed and loaded dynamically.</td></tr><tr><td style="text-align: center; vertical-align: top;"><h4>MSVC Dynamic Link Lib Static</h4></td><td>Creates a standard Microsoft DLL. Links the Microsoft runtime libraries into the executable. Does not require that the runtime libraries be distributed.</td></tr><tr><td style="text-align: center; vertical-align: top;"><h4>MSVC Static Library</h4></td><td>Creates a Library that contains object files.</td></tr><tr><td style="text-align: center; vertical-align: top;"><h4>MSVC Threaded Console Shared</h4></td><td>Creates a command line program that uses threads. Does not link the Microsoft runtime libraries into the executables. The runtime libraries must be distributed and loaded dynamically</td></tr><tr><td style="text-align: center; vertical-align: top;"><h4>TypeLib</h4></td><td>Creates a type library that is used to update the Windows Registry.</td></tr><tr><td style="text-align: center; vertical-align: top;"><h4>VisualBasic</h4></td><td>Creates a standard Visual Basic executable. Note: When using the OM -a flag, which forces the rebuild of a VisualBasic executable, the VisualBasic project must allow Binary Compatible compiles. Otherwise a Binary Compatible error will occur.</td></tr><tr><td style="text-align: center; vertical-align: top;"><h4>Visual Basic 7 Dll</h4></td><td>Creates a standard Visual Basic 7 dynamic link library. Note: When using the OM -a flag, which forces the rebuild of a VisualBasic executable, the VisualBasic project must allow Binary Compatible compiles. Otherwise a Binary Compatible error will occur.</td></tr><tr><td style="text-align: center; vertical-align: top;"><h4>Visual Basic 7 Exe</h4></td><td>Creates a standard Visual Basic 7 executable. Note: When using the OM -a flag, which forces the rebuild of a VisualBasic executable, the VisualBasic project must allow Binary Compatible compiles. Otherwise a Binary Compatible error will occur.</td></tr><tr><td style="text-align: center; vertical-align: top;"><h4>VisualBasic DLL</h4></td><td>Creates a standard Visual Basic dynamic link library. Note: When using the OM -a flag, which forces the rebuild of a VisualBasic executable, the VisualBasic project must allow Binary Compatible compiles. Otherwise a Binary Compatible error will occur.</td></tr><tr><td style="text-align: center; vertical-align: top;"><h4>VisualBasic OCX</h4></td><td>Creates a Visual Basic OCX control. Note: When using the OM -a flag, which forces the rebuild of a VisualBasic executable, the VisualBasic project must allow Binary Compatible compiles. Otherwise a Binary Compatible error will occur.</td></tr><tr><td style="text-align: center; vertical-align: top;"><h4>Visual Basic VBC Console Exe</h4></td><td>Compiles Visual Basic with the .NET Framework SDK compiler vbc.exe. &nbsp;It is used for target type 'exe'. It requires that files be listed as dependencies in the target definition file. To compile Visual Basic using a .vbp, .vbproj or a .sln file as a dependency, use the other Visual Basic Plugins.</td></tr><tr><td style="text-align: center; vertical-align: top;"><h4>Visual Basic VBC Library</h4></td><td>Compiles Visual Basic with the .NET Framework SDK compiler vbc.exe. &nbsp;It is used for target type 'winexe'. It requires that files be listed as dependencies in the target definition file. To compile Visual Basic using a .vbp, .vbproj or a .sln file as a dependency, use the other Visual Basic Plugins.</td></tr><tr><td style="text-align: center; vertical-align: top;"><h4>Visual Basic VBC Module</h4></td><td>Compiles Visual Basic with the .NET Framework SDK compiler vbc.exe. It is used for target type 'winexe'. It requires that files be listed as dependencies in the target definition file. To compile Visual Basic using a .vbp, .vbproj or a .sln file as a dependency, use the other Visual Basic Plugins.</td></tr><tr><td style="text-align: center; vertical-align: top;"><h4>Visual Basic VBC Windows Exe</h4></td><td>Compiles Visual Basic with the .NET Framework SDK compiler vbc.exe. &nbsp;It is used for target type 'winexe'. It requires that files be listed as dependencies in the target definition file. To compile Visual Basic using a .vbp, .vbproj or a .sln file as a dependency, use the other Visual Basic Plugins.</td></tr><tr><td style="text-align: center; vertical-align: top;"><h4>VisualBasic VBG</h4></td><td>Creates a standard Visual Basic executable. Note: When using the OM -a flag, which forces the rebuild of a VisualBasic executable, the VisualBasic project must allow Binary Compatible compiles. Otherwise a Binary Compatible error will occur.</td></tr><tr><td style="text-align: center; vertical-align: top;"><h4>VS Devenv 2005 Solution Dynamic Link Library</h4></td><td>Creates a .NET DLL using a .NET Solution file as a dependency. The DLL can be VB, C#, or C++. Built against the .NET 2.0 Framework</td></tr><tr><td style="text-align: center; vertical-align: top;"><h4>VS Devenv 2005 Solution Executable</h4></td><td>Creates a .NET EXE using a .NET Solution file as a dependency. The EXE can be VB, C#, or C++. Built against the .NET 2.0 Framework</td></tr><tr><td style="text-align: center; vertical-align: top;"><h4>VS Devenv 2005 Solution Installer</h4></td><td>Creates a MSI file using a .NET Solution file as a dependency.</td></tr><tr><td style="text-align: center; vertical-align: top;"><h4>Borland BCC32 Dynamic Link Library</h4></td><td>Uses ilink32 linker to combine object modules (.OBJ files), library modules (.LIB files), and resources to produce executables (.EXE, .DLL, and .BPL files).</td></tr><tr><td style="text-align: center; vertical-align: top;"><h4>Borland BCC32 Executable</h4></td><td>Creates a standard executable by using bcc32 to compile and link C and C++ programs. &nbsp;bcc32 defaults to calling ilink32 and processing the link automatically.</td></tr><tr><td style="text-align: center; vertical-align: top;"><h4>Borland Delphi Console Executable</h4></td><td>Creates a command line executable using the Borland Delphi Compiler. &nbsp;Only the Delphi Project File (.dpr) needs to be listed as a dependency.</td></tr><tr><td style="text-align: center; vertical-align: top;"><h4>Borland Delphi Console Executable</h4></td><td>Creates a command line executable using the Borland Delphi Compiler. &nbsp;Only the Delphi Project File (.dpr) needs to be listed as a dependency.</td></tr><tr><td style="text-align: center; vertical-align: top;"><h4>Borland Delphi DLL</h4></td><td>Creates a Dynamic Link Library (DLL) using the Borland Delphi Compiler. &nbsp;Only the Delphi Project File (.dpr) needs to be listed as a dependency.</td></tr><tr><td style="text-align: center; vertical-align: top;"><h4>Borland Delphi GUI Executable</h4></td><td>Creates a Windows GUI executable using the Borland Delphi Compiler. &nbsp;Only the Delphi Project File (.dpr) needs to be listed as a dependency.</td></tr><tr><td style="text-align: center; vertical-align: top;"><h4>Borland Delphi Package</h4></td><td>Creates a Borland .bpk.</td></tr><tr><td style="text-align: center; vertical-align: top;"><h4>Microfocus Cobol Executable</h4></td><td>Creates a standard executable using the Microfocus COBOL compiler.</td></tr><tr><td style="text-align: center; vertical-align: top;"><h4>Microfocus NetExpress Cbllink</h4></td><td>Invokes the cbllink Compiler that compiles and links source .cbl cobol files.</td></tr><tr><td style="text-align: center; vertical-align: top;"><h4>&nbsp;Microfocus NetExpress Cbllink</h4></td><td>Invokes the cbllink Compiler that compiles and links source .cbl cobol files.</td></tr><tr><td style="text-align: center; vertical-align: top;"><h4>Microfocus NetExpress Compile</h4></td><td>Calls the cobol, cblnames and link executables to generate final target dll's and exe's. All dependencies are chained together so that the ouput of one step will automatically be included in the next, with the exception of the cblnames ouput file "cblds.obj." As a result, "cblds.obj" needs to be added as an explicit dependency to the Link task.</td></tr><tr><td style="text-align: center; vertical-align: top;"><h4>Microfocus NetExpress</h4></td><td>Creates a&nbsp;Graphical Executable</td></tr><tr><td style="text-align: center; vertical-align: top;"><h4>Microfocus NetExpress</h4></td><td>Creates a&nbsp;Graphical SQL Executable</td></tr><tr><td style="text-align: center; vertical-align: top;"><h4>AcuCobol 32 Executable</h4></td><td>Creates a standard executable using the AcuCOBOL CCBL or CCBL32 compiler.</td></tr></tbody></table>

## Compile Plugins for Complex Java Builds

The following Plugins can be purchased to extend your library of reusable Java Build Tasks. These Plugins are used to compile more complex Java artifacts and gives you the added benefit of dependency management and acceleration of the build.

<table class="buildservice" style="width: 100%;" border="1"><tbody><tr style="background-color: #82bbdc;"><td style="border-color: grey; width: 200px; vertical-align: top; text-align: center;"><p style="font-size: 20px;"><strong>Name</strong></p></td><td style="text-align: center;"><p style="font-size: 20px;"><strong>Description</strong></p></td></tr><tr><td style="text-align: center; vertical-align: top;"><h4>Java Combine ClassPath</h4></td><td>Builds a .classpath file. It uses the Set Classpath to resolve all classpath files. The result can then be included in a different build targets.</td></tr><tr><td style="text-align: center; vertical-align: top;"><h4>Java Copy</h4></td><td>Copies dependencies to location(s) defined using the "todir=" parameter available in the pre-defined options. &nbsp;Multiple Option Groups may also be defined for groups of dependencies that need to copy to other "todir=" locations. &nbsp;The Target created in the build directory is a .copy text file containing log information.</td></tr><tr><td style="text-align: center; vertical-align: top;"><h4>Java Ear as Jar</h4></td><td>The Java Ear as Jar builds a .jar file using the .ear format. It uses the Set Classpath, Ant Javac and Ant Ear Build Tasks to compile and package up all of the dependencies that need to be included in the final target .ear file. Note that there may be no dependencies in the "Set Classpath" and "Ant Javac" Build Tasks if there is no .java source to compile for the .ear-like .jar file. All of the directory structure requirements of a .jar file are built into the Build Service.</td></tr><tr><td style="text-align: center; vertical-align: top;"><h4>Java Ear&nbsp;no Compilation</h4></td><td>Builds an .ear file. It uses the Set Classpath, Ant Javac and Ant Ear Build Tasks to compile and package up all of the dependencies that need to be included in the final target .ear file. Note that there may be no dependencies in the "Set Classpath" and "Ant Javac" Build Tasks if there is no .java source to compile for the .ear file. All of the directory structure requirements of a .ear file are built into the Build Service.</td></tr><tr><td style="text-align: center; vertical-align: top;"><h4>Java Jar no Compilation</h4></td><td>Builds a .jar file. It uses the Ant Jar Build Tasks to package up all of the dependencies that need to be included in the final target .jar file.</td></tr><tr><td style="text-align: center; vertical-align: top;"><h4>Java Jar Update</h4></td><td>Unjars jar dependencies and adds exploded files to target jar file.</td></tr><tr><td style="text-align: center; vertical-align: top;"><h4>Java JNI</h4></td><td>Converts a class file into a header file (.h) for the Java to Native interface. &nbsp;The dependency is the .class file.</td></tr><tr><td style="text-align: center; vertical-align: top;"><h4>Java JUnit Test</h4></td><td>Used to run JUnit tests. It runs JUnit tests specified in .java files in the Ant JUnit Test task against the classes and jars specified in the Set Classpath task. Each .java test file will create a corresponding output logfile using the formatter specified by the "type=" option. &nbsp;The JUnit Test task also creates as its target a .test logfile containing the output from Ant. By default the JUnit task runs with the options printsummary="withOutAndErr" and formatter type="xml".</td></tr><tr><td style="text-align: center; vertical-align: top;"><h4>Java RMIC Jar</h4></td><td>Incorporates a 4-step process to create a .jar file. The "Set Classpath" and "Ant Javac" Build Tasks define the classpath and compile javac files to class files as in other Plugins. &nbsp;The "Ant RMIC" Build Task takes as source the compiled classes from "Ant Javac" and generates other class files. The "Ant RMIC Jar" Build Task jars classes from both the "Ant Javac" and "Ant RMIC" Build Tasks.</td></tr><tr><td style="text-align: center; vertical-align: top;"><h4>Java Signed Jar</h4></td><td>Builds a .jar file. It uses the Set Classpath, Ant Javac and Ant Jar Build Tasks to compile and package up all of the dependencies that need to be included in the final target .jar file.</td></tr><tr><td style="text-align: center; vertical-align: top;"><h4>Java Tar</h4></td><td>Builds a .tar file. It uses the Ant Tar Build Task to package up all of the dependencies that need to be included in the final target .tar file</td></tr><tr><td style="text-align: center; vertical-align: top;"><h4>Java War as Jar</h4></td><td>Builds a .jar file in the format of a .war file. It uses the Set Classpath, Ant Javac and Ant War Build Tasks to compile and package up all of the dependencies that need to be included in the final target .jar file. All of the directory structure requirements of a .war file are built into the Build Service final .jar file.</td></tr><tr><td style="text-align: center; vertical-align: top;"><h4>Java War no Compilation</h4></td><td>Builds a .war file. It uses the Set Classpath, Ant Javac and Ant War Build Tasks to compile and package up all of the dependencies that need to be included in the final target .war file. All of the directory structure requirements of a .war file are built into the Build Service.</td></tr><tr><td style="text-align: center; vertical-align: top;"><h4>Java WBIMB BAR File</h4></td><td>Java Weblogic Ant wlappc Compile Prepares the compile by setting the Classpath. &nbsp;The Classpath should include the library containing the APPC compiler, most likely weblogic.jar. &nbsp;Uses Ant APPC Compile Task to compile APPC dependencies with the weblogic.appc compiler.</td></tr><tr><td style="text-align: center; vertical-align: top;"><h4>Java Weblogic APPC Compile</h4></td><td>Prepares the compile by setting the Classpath. &nbsp;The Classpath should include the library containing the APPC compiler, most likely weblogic.jar. &nbsp;Uses Ant APPC Compile Task to compile APPC dependencies with the weblogic.appc compiler.</td></tr><tr><td style="text-align: center; vertical-align: top;"><h4>Java Weblogic Clientgen Jar</h4></td><td>Uses the Weblogic clientgen task to create a client JAR file that contains a thin Java client used to invoke a Web Service. Takes an EAR file that contains the implementation of a WebLogic Web Service as a depencency.Java Weblogic EJB Compile Prepares the compile by setting the Classpath. &nbsp;The Classpath should include the library containing the EJB compiler, most likely weblogic.jar. &nbsp;Uses Ant EJB Compile Task to compile EJB dependencies with the weblogic.ejbc compiler.</td></tr><tr><td style="text-align: center; vertical-align: top;"><h4>Java Weblogic EJB Compile and Jar</h4></td><td>Builds a .jar file. It uses the Set Classpath, Ant Javac and Ant Jar Build Tasks to compile and package up all of the dependencies that need to be included in the final target .jar file.Java Weblogic JSPC Compile Prepares the compile by setting the Classpath. &nbsp;The Classpath should include the library containing the JSP compiler, most likely weblogic.jar. &nbsp;Uses Ant JSP Compile Task to pre-compile JSP dependencies with the weblogic.jspc compiler.</td></tr><tr><td style="text-align: center; vertical-align: top;"><h4>&nbsp;Java Weblogic Servicegen Ear</h4></td><td>Servicegen performs all Weblogic steps needed to assemble a Web Service. These steps include: - Creating the Web Service deployment descriptor (web-services.xml). - Introspecting EJBs and Java classes and generating any needed non-built-in data type supporting components. - Generating the client JAR file. - Packaging all the pieces into a deployable EAR file.</td></tr><tr><td style="text-align: center; vertical-align: top;"><h4>Java Weblogic War</h4></td><td>Builds a .war file. It uses the Set Classpath, Ant Javac and Ant War Build Tasks to compile and package up all of the dependencies that need to be included in the final target .war file. All of the directory structure requirements of a .war file are built into the Build Service.</td></tr><tr><td style="text-align: center; vertical-align: top;"><h4>Java Weblogic WLI Ear no Compile</h4></td><td>Builds an .ear file. It uses the Set Classpath, Ant Javac and Ant Ear Build Tasks to compile and package up all of the dependencies that need to be included in the final target .ear file. Note that there may be no dependencies in the "Set Classpath" and "Ant Javac" Build Tasks if there is no .java source to compile for the .ear file. All of the directory structure requirements of a .ear file are built into the Build Service.</td></tr><tr><td style="text-align: center; vertical-align: top;"><h4>Java Weblogic WLI Jar</h4></td><td>.jar Final Results Extension: .jar Builds a .jar file. It uses the Set Classpath, Ant Javac and Ant Jar Build Tasks to compile and package up all of the dependencies that need to be included in the final target .jar file.</td></tr><tr><td style="text-align: center; vertical-align: top;"><h4>Java Weblogic WLI War</h4></td><td>Builds a .war file. It uses the Set Classpath, Precompile (xmlbean and apt tasks), Ant Javac and Ant War Build Tasks to compile and package up all of the dependencies that need to be included in the final target .war file. All of the directory structure requirements of a .war file are built into the Build Service.</td></tr><tr><td style="text-align: center; vertical-align: top;"><h4>Java Weblogic XMLBeans Jar</h4></td><td>.jar Final Results Extension: .jar Builds a .jar file. It uses the Set Classpath, Ant Javac and Ant Jar Build Tasks to compile and package up all of the dependencies that need to be included in the final target .jar file.</td></tr><tr><td style="text-align: center; vertical-align: top;"><h4>Java WebSphere 5.1 EJBDeploy EAR</h4></td><td>Use this build service when developing with IBM WebSphere Studio Application Developer 5.1 to generate deployment code and classes for an EAR. The dependency is the EAR built by the Openmake Eclipse Plugin-generated target files and the output file is the deployable EAR. The WAS_HOME environment variable MUST be set, e.g. WAS_HOME=C:\Progra~1\IBM\WSADv5.1 To build a deployable EAR for the MiniBank example, use the following values in the target definition: Final Target Name: MiniBankEAR.ear Final Target Output Path: deploy Dependency: MiniBankEAR.ear</td></tr><tr><td style="text-align: center; vertical-align: top;"><h4>Java WebSphere 5.1 WSEJBDeploy</h4></td><td>Use this build type when developing with IBM Websphere Application Developer 5.1 to generate deployment code and classes.The dependency is the JAR built by the Openmake Eclipse Plugin-generated target files and the output file is the deployable JAR. The WAS_HOME environment variable MUST be set, e.g. WAS_HOME=C:\bin\WebSphere\AppServer</td></tr><tr><td style="text-align: center; vertical-align: top;"><h4>Java WebSphere 6.0 EJBDeploy EAR</h4></td><td>Use this build service when developing with IBM Rational Application Developer 6.0 for WebSphere Software to generate deployment code and classes for an EAR. The dependency is the EAR built by the Openmake Eclipse Plugin-generated target files and the output file is the deployable EAR. The WAS_HOME environment variable MUST be set, e.g. WAS_HOME=C:\bin\WebSphere\AppServer To build a deployable EAR for the AutoWorld example, use the following values in the target definition: Final Target Name: autoworld.ear Final Target Output Path: deploy Dependency: AutoWorld20ExampleEAR.ear</td></tr><tr><td style="text-align: center; vertical-align: top;"><h4>Java Websphere Application Client Jar</h4></td><td>Builds an .jar file. It uses the Set Classpath, Ant Javac and Ant Ear Build Tasks to compile and package up all of the dependencies that need to be included in the final target .jar file.</td></tr><tr><td style="text-align: center; vertical-align: top;"><h4>Java Websphere Ear</h4></td><td>Builds an .ear file. It uses the Set Classpath, Ant Javac and Ant Ear Build Tasks to compile and package up all of the dependencies that need to be included in the final target .ear file. Note that there may be no dependencies in the "Set Classpath" and "Ant Javac" Build Tasks if there is no .java source to compile for the .ear file. All of the directory structure requirements of a .ear file are built into the Build Service.</td></tr><tr><td style="text-align: center; vertical-align: top;"><h4>Java WebSphere EJBDeploy Complete</h4></td><td>Builds a .jar file. It uses the Set Classpath, Ant Javac and Ant Jar Build Tasks to compile and package up all of the dependencies that need to be included in the final target .jar file.</td></tr><tr><td style="text-align: center; vertical-align: top;"><h4>Java WPS Service Deploy</h4></td><td>Builds a .ear file. It uses the Ant Zip Build Tasks to package up all of the dependencies that need to be included in the final target .ear file and use servicedeploy to create the .ear.</td></tr><tr><td style="text-align: center; vertical-align: top;"><h4>Java Zip</h4></td><td>Builds a .zip file. It uses the Ant Zip Build Tasks to package up all of the dependencies that need to be included in the final target .zip file.</td></tr><tr><td style="text-align: center; vertical-align: top;"><h4>Manage Ear Deployment Descriptors</h4></td><td>Insert and replace XML tags and values in deployment descriptors of an archive. It unjars the files to be updated from the archive, next it will insert and replace the XML tags and values and finally create a new jar with the updated files to the Target name.</td></tr><tr><td style="text-align: center; vertical-align: top;"><h4>Manage War Deployment Descriptors</h4></td><td>Insert and replace XML tags and values in deployment descriptors of an archive. &nbsp;It unjars the files to be updated from the archive, next it will insert and replace the XML tags and values and finally create a new jar with the updated files to the Target name.</td></tr><tr><td style="text-align: center; vertical-align: top;"><h4>MD5 Checksum</h4></td><td>Creates a Target file with a .md5 extension that contains the MD5 checksum information of the dependent file. &nbsp;The checksum value is also outputted to the build log. This value is useful in determining if a Target built as expected.</td></tr><tr><td style="text-align: center; vertical-align: top;"><h4>Update Deployment Descriptors</h4></td><td>Insert and replace XML tags and values in deployment descriptors of an archive. It unjars the files to be updated from the archive, next it will insert and replace the XML tags and values and finally updated the original jar with the updated files.</td></tr></tbody></table>
